that if Antonio David gets involved let's see I
know I know the money is coming out
but he has to put on some
powerful music for me to say it careful careful
Wait for
a bomb Enrique is going to make it bigger
listen to me yes but for me Amparo
a fantastic technical team and Anthony
David Well supposedly with everything that
expects
copyright-free music this from YouTube
we are on time
I have nothing to do with these people
crazy I can hear them they ca
n't be heard
you have to splice it not the music without a
copy so powerful Mysterious done
Canelo then okay put the intrigue
there Pepa let's go
Now you can hear it Now you can hear it
listen to it a little listen to it a little
Cari Yes Pepa
now let's see now
[Music]
Antonio David Flores
is going to have a camera this big to
focus on him how handsome he is
with several screens
and with an incredible team
that is going to support him
technically so that he I do
n't know
exclusions let him talk
[Music]
about the TV factory let him
talk
[Music]
about soft let's see who he's going to
talk about I can read up to there you can read up to there
but  Peppa
are you telling me that they have already hired
or that there would probably be a new
team for Antonio David's channel
in them we will see it in a few
days in a week or
two in a week two Enrique do you want to
add something I want a lot of music
careful
this is more dangerous than a box bomb
[Music]
what has come to me
from my deep throat
[Music]
And it is that there is someone
who would be
[Music]
supplying or helping
with money
Antonio David flowers
to be able to buy all these things
up to there we can read up to there we can read
up to there we can read more no we do not
have proof look I believe that there are
trusted followers evidently who
help Antonio David to
this day they still
come and go and now
Pepa tells us it is not that they have a team they have
a new camera Because of course
all the technical material belonged to Juan
So now he needs a camera he
needs
So I sense that there will be followers
very well knows zero Of course because if they did not
have any of that it has to start that I
imagine that there will be very loyal followers
who still help him But
well Hey, everyone is within their rights
Contributing and supporting as he pleases
is not a bad thing either, but I'll also
tell you one thing, eh, I mean, you can
buy the best computer in the world, but
if you feel like plugging it in and
recording, the computer won't do it. Thanks.
That's the main thing, Kari. How many times have you done that,
but it's not a criticism at all. If I
tell you one thing, I could talk, I
could talk to Antonio David over
a coffee, I would say, man,
could you, I mean, you can earn more money
here than on television at least that date?
What's happening is that they're with
television,
the channel is exploding, this is a
permanent job, I don't know if it's more or less than
television, but it could be more than television, and
also without a boss, without a schedule, without
nonsense, I can say this, I can't
say, I can't think. Ah, I can't
think, go [ __ ], and apart from that, he's handsome. What
happens is that it's true that it
requires a lot of sacrifice, you four
know it, especially those of us who come here
longer, and you, Pepa, you'll find out that this
is an all-day long and a sacrifice, and
being behind it, I mean, this is like having your
own channel. But you, yes, it's
true that maybe we won't
compare it.  with being a bricklayer a waiter
or some of the hardest jobs
physically you know but man he has
Marimeña firewood you know that he has
dedication too But Javi I tell you
one thing he will never have the same
job my channel I'm going to speak in first
person as yours he enters his channel
already has a lot of thousands of visits
immediately
the channel is already filmed
the same job yes he can have it another
thing is what he wants to invest because it is
easier for him to earn more what I want to
tell you with this you maybe to earn a
thousand euros you have to work a lot more
than maybe the euro starting
music
also I tell you one thing now he will be spending
more time in Madrid and when
the children already because Olga will end up going to
live in Madrid he will be
in Madrid a lot more and more time
dedicating
time to it
that if it costs you less work he earns more
I would work the same
because this you don't know how long it lasts I do
n't know look he didn't know how long
the television was going to last well it's already over total total
anyway look today is that also
Well now we will enter the subject
of his friend well the friend
[Music]